Blogging.
So let's start the practical part of do DNS and storage DNS.
So as I told you in the beginning of this section when we want to enable the data as in our environment
we need to have our cluster.
So for example if we go to the center and try to get something about Darrow's we can't find it if we
go to the coffee we don't see any option about do.
There is also a delivery of the host.
We don't have any data as option.
And at the same of the that doesn't matter if we go to the data center we don't have any option at all
to do that.
So for those we need to create our cluster to be able to do their best option.
So for that we go to deliver it to the center we click on it and we have new cluster.
We click on it.
It's simple it's like when we create our center and the same hair.
We going to use do your cluster.
So we give it a name for example just lets make it a cluster.
So you know that we talk about cluster.
Of course we have different option to enable to do this for heights of humanity.
EVC and Vicent will see those.
Option one by one.
So we click OK.
Then the cluster just added right of course.
In this case it's still empty.
So we just simply drag and drop the horse from the data center to the cluster like that.
The second one OK and the one like that's.
And then of course you can create more clusters if you remember at the beginning to do you that you
can add cluster inhalation about the environment.
So for example this cluster for service in them but I'm not a cluster service number b for example two
of our series that need height powerful servers you create a cluster for that.
And our host we hide a resource inside that cluster and didn't give it some specific route and you would
see later some different rules that need different cluster.
For example those high performance host will use it for the heights of your ability service and server.
Then you give it some form for rules that will keep your host your virtual machine always available.
But for a service that's how powerful host you are they are in a specific cluster.
Give it some low level configuration and low libertaria as a rule etc..
So just to get the idea why we need more cluster
with click the two delays this cluster and we use only our cluster.
So no if we click on the cluster you will get a quick idea about it.
And of course it's the same as that doesn't really give your all part of the resource in the different
hosts.
Right.
And a difference but your machine.
And when we go to config No we have the option of the despair there as.